                                                            history of 3rd generation of computers
The period of third generation was from 1965-1971. The computers of third generation used Integrated Circuits (ICs) in place of transistors. A single IC has many transistors,
 resistors, and capacitors along with the associated circuitry.The IC was invented by Jack Kilby. This development made computers smaller in size, reliable, and efficient.
 In this generation remote processing, time-sharing, multiprogramming operating system were used. High-level languages (FORTRAN-II TO IV, COBOL, PASCAL PL/1, BASIC, ALGOL-68 etc.)
 were used during this generation.
The main features of third generation are -
1.IC used
2.More reliable in comparison to previous two generations
3.Smaller size
4.Generated less heat
5.Faster
6.Lesser maintenance
7.Costly
8.AC required
9.Consumed lesser electricity
10.Supported high-level language
Some computers of this generation were -
1.IBM-360 series
2.Honeywell-6000 series
3.PDP (Personal Data Processor)
4.IBM-370/168
5.TDC-316
(IC), signals the beginning of the third generation computers. The Integrated Circuit (IC) was invented in 1958 by Jack Kilby. 
It combined electronic components onto a small silicon disc, made from quartz. Also in third generation computers, 
the operating systems allowed the machines to run many different applications.
in 1964, the IBM System/360 was announced by International Business Machines Corporations. 
It contained custom hybrid integrated circuits, worked with 32-bit words, and used 360 assembly language.
It was this computer that processed data concerning lunar landings at NASA. Its mainframe could run programs of earlier systems,
making it more useful and valuable. It and its succeeding models were ultimately a huge impact on the computer world in terms of workload and power.




                                                                  git assingment '''''command for pull and push the file to git hub'''''''
1.make the directory
    $ git init(to check weahter the git is install or not)
    $ sudo apt install git(for insatalling git)
    $ makdir 3rd computer generation assignment
    $ ls(to confirm the folder formation)
    $ cd   3rd computer generation assignment
    $ git init
    